# New Documentation for nbgrader

## Definitions
_**assignment name**_ refers to the name of your assignment. Assignments can contain multiple notebooks inside of them.

_**source**_ is the folder inside the course that contains the original instructor notebooks.

_**release**_ is the folder that contains the notebooks to give the students.

_**submitted**_ is the folder that contains submitted notebooks from the students.

_**feedback**_ is the folder where feedback generated by nbgrader goes. The manual grading comments will also show up here.


_**student name**_ refers to the name of the student folder and the id the grades get stored into the database. *student_name* can have spaces inside it.

## The nbgrader workflow

The original instructor files are inside the _**source**_ folder, in the _**assignment name**_ folder .

The files inside the source folder are converted into the assignment files and header and footers are added and then placed in the _**release**_ folder.

The students work on their own version of the assignment files, and the files are placed inside the _**submitted**_ folder in the folder structure as shown: **submitted** -> **student name** -> **assignment name** -> **file**. 

The notebooks are autograded and then manual grading is done if needed. Then feedback is generated using `nbgrader generate-feedback` and the feedback is placed in the _**feedback**_ folder.

# Processing the notebooks

process_notebook.py converts the files in the source folder to the student version by stripping ANSWER cells and stripping output and then using nbgrader to generate the assignments to put the files into the release folder.

The D2L python script from Dr. Colbry will take files from students and place them into the submitted folder.

(nbgrader autograde will be in the script that also separates the d2l student submittions) `nbgrader autograde` 

The notebooks are then manually graded and then feedback is generated using the command `nbgrader generate-feedback`

# nbgrader database

nbgrader stores assignment data in a database that it uses as a reference to grade students. If you make a mistake you should check the database to make sure that it reflects your changes.

Check the database assignments: `nbgrader db assignment list`

This will print a list of assignments and the problems in each assignment.

If you need to update the assignment, remove the assignment using this command

`nbgrader db assignment remove assignment_name`

Then run process_notebook.py again, and the database will be updated to be correct.

# nbgrader config options

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IncludeHeaderFooter(NbGraderPreprocessor) configuration
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```python
## A preprocessor for adding header and/or footer cells to a notebook.

## Path to footer notebook, relative to the root of the course directory
c.IncludeHeaderFooter.footer = ''

## Path to header notebook, relative to the root of the course directory
c.IncludeHeaderFooter.header = ''
```
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assignment Notebook Name Matching configuration
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```python
## File glob to match notebook names, excluding the '.ipynb' extension. This can be changed to filter by notebook.
c.CourseDirectory.notebook_id = '*STUDENT'
```
#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# ClearSolutions(NbGraderPreprocessor) configuration
#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```python
## The delimiter marking the beginning of a solution
c.ClearSolutions.begin_solution_delimeter = 'BEGIN SOLUTION'

## The delimiter marking the end of a solution
c.ClearSolutions.end_solution_delimeter = 'END SOLUTION'

## The code snippet that will replace code solutions (language dependent)
c.ClearSolutions.code_stub = {'python': '', 'matlab': "% YOUR CODE HERE\nerror('No Answer Given!')", 'octave': "% YOUR CODE HERE\nerror('No Answer Given!')", 'java': '// YOUR CODE HERE'}
```
